# GachaBot

STATUS : Development ⚠️

> What Is GachaBot?

GachaBot is an automated bot designed to interact with the Gacha system on Discord. It performs actions like "drop" and "grab" cards automatically based on user-defined settings. The bot verifies license keys to ensure authenticity, uses screen detection to identify graphical elements, and logs detailed updates. GachaBot is configurable through a graphical interface and supports multiple features like half-drop and half-grab, as well as protection against duplicate key usage.<br>

Currently, it only supports the Gachapon bot on Discord.

## Dependencies

You Just Need To Install Python, The Rest Is Automatically Installed.<br>
In The Files has a Directory Called "Install Python Guide", There Show You What Version You Need To Install.<br>

## KEY

To use the bot you need a "key" which is normally generated by me (Prototype991), so you need to contact me to be able to use the bot.<br>

## Support

The Bot Does Not Support All Operating Systems or Resolutions Since It Was Made in a Sensitive Way<br>
At the moment the Bot Supports Windows Operating System With Resolutions:<br><br>
1920x1080, <br>
1366x768, <br>
1280x720, <br>
1280x600, <br>
1152x864, <br>
1024x768 <br><br>
There will be support for other resolutions in the future<br>

## Download

Download Here:<br>
[Install GachaBot](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1LZRw1LNgWb6zqPMen_74jsCuPz0bKoR6/view?usp=sharing)

## Discord

Administrators Discord for contact:

@prototype991<br>(i just have discord sorry...)
